fix: Remove getSession usage from SSR (#804)
supertokens/docs: v2/emailpassword/nextjs/app-directory/protecting-route.mdx

import jwksClient from "jwks-rsa";
import JsonWebToken from "jsonwebtoken";
import type { JwtHeader, JwtPayload, SigningKeyCallback } from "jsonwebtoken";
// @ts-ignore
import { appInfo } from "../config/appInfo";

const client = jwksClient({
    jwksUri: `${appInfo.apiDomain}${appInfo.apiBasePath}/jwt/jwks.json`,
});

function getAccessToken(): string | undefined {
    return cookies().get("sAccessToken")?.value;
}

function getPublicKey(header: JwtHeader, callback: SigningKeyCallback) {
    client.getSigningKey(header.kid, (err, key) => {
        if (err) {
            callback(err);
        } else {
            const signingKey = key?.getPublicKey();
            callback(null, signingKey);
        }
    });
}

async function verifyToken(token: string): Promise<JwtPayload> {
    return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        JsonWebToken.verify(token, getPublicKey, {}, (err, decoded) => {
            if (err) {
                reject(err);
            } else {
                resolve(decoded as JwtPayload);
            }
        });
    });
}

/**
 * A helper function to retrieve session details on the server side.
 *

>  * NOTE: This function does not use the getSSRSession function from the supertokens-node SDK
>  * because getSession can update the access token. These updated tokens would not be
>  * propagated to the client side, as request interceptors do not run on the server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * NOTE: This function does not use the getSession / verifySession function from the supertokens-node SDK
 * because those functions may update the access token. These updated tokens would not be
 * propagated to the client side properly, as request interceptors do not run on the server side.
 * So instead, we use regular JWT verification library
```

Author: done

> import { appInfo } from "../config/appInfo";

Reviewer: remove this import if its not needed.

Author: thanks for catching it. I have removed it.
